h2. About BattlefieldMinimapScale

Ever since I started doing Archaeology with the addon "ArchaeologyHelper":http://wow.curse.com/downloads/wow-addons/details/arh.aspx, I have found myself running with the BattlefieldMinimap open. But it was just too small. For a while I would use a macro the scale it, but got sick of that. And sometimes I found I wanted it small again while I was doing something else or didn't really need to see it.

Thus BattlefieldMinimapScale was born. It is about the simplest thing that could possibly work. Assuming you've shown your map (Shift+M is the default keybinding) you just hold down Alt while using the mousewheel. It will go as small as 50% and as big as 300%. That's it.

h2. Options

None! It just works

h2. Bugs, Comments and Suggestions

Please file bugs, comments or suggestions via the "GitHub issue tracker":http://github.com/PProvost/BattlefieldMinimapScale/issues for this project.

h2. License

Copyright 2010 Quaiche of Dragonblight

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  "http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
